Update supported_platforms.mdx (#7147)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/10/supported_platforms.mdx

!!! Note
    Postgres Enterprise Manager 8.3 and later is supported on SLES.

!!! Warning

>     To ensure RHEL 9.6 compatibility, users on PEM 10.3 (ARM) or 10.3.1 (Intel/ARM) must upgrade to PEM 10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure RHEL 9.6 compatibility, users on PEM 10.3 (ARM) or 10.3.1 (Intel/ARM) must upgrade to PEM 10.
```

>     Part of PEM 10.3.x is not supported with RHEL9.6. Consequently, users on PEM 10.3 (ARM) and PEM 10.3.1 (Intel/ARM) must upgrade to PEM 10.4 to maintain full support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure RHEL 9.6 compatibility, users on PEM 10.3 (ARM) or 10.3.1 (Intel/ARM) must upgrade to PEM 10
```

Reviewer: @yuki-tei, feel free to approve if you're ok with my suggestion or if any additional changes are needed. Thanks!
